default settings?? huh???
This paper reads like a womans diary, not like a scientific piece of work
Please reject it completely and then block the authors email ID so they cant use the online system in the future.
I would rather read a meta-analysis
Lots of work, effort, but no real science.
I believe that the authors have done scientific work, but in the current form of the paper it is impossible to judge it.
The lead author of this study has an apparent history of convincing otherwise well-respected scholars to be unwitting co-authors on his poor excuses for academic papers
The current manuscript is deceptive and I do not recommend its publication.
Nothing about the paper is objectively concerning, but I am left unconvinced
I urge the authors to not publish this article anywhere, as it will impede the progress of scientific understanding
The peaceful atmosphere between Christmas and New Year was transiently disrupted by reading this...
Unfortunately, for the reader (and it almost seems that for the writers as well), there is no insight or conclusions coming out of their comparison.
The figure is a mystery to me. Where did all this sound energy go? It defies the basic laws of physics.
There is an over-reliance on sophisticated statistics at the expense of good old fashioned, scientific thought
The presentation is of a standard that I would reject from an undergraduate student
This paper is so bad I cannot even reject it! 

It is always rather pleasant to recommend that a paper be rejected.
Your research paper is not motivated. There is no motivation behind your algorithm. Your results lack motivation
The results are obvious. In fact, so obvious that perhaps no one has bothered to write them down...
Can you explain this part a bit further, but without going into detail
How does [redacted theory] explain your results? Or really, your underwhelming results?
It was hard to bite myself through, but in the back I found some meat.
The authors criticize the approach of [citation of X] before introducing their own. Seems somewhat hypocritical to me.
This work is not an easy topic. 
 found the use of the evolutionary theory problematic. This is a highly contested theory, with major flaws
In the end, I am not sure what is the thesis of the essay (or whether there is one) or how and why the parts are connected
There are far too many typos and grammatical mistakes. I started to correct these but got annoyed.
Someone has been foraging in theory and has managed to learn how to mangle simple concepts and hide them behind pretentious empty prose
While I think there is good reason to have performed this work, it does make for unexciting reading.
This paper is to science as astrology is to astrophysics' h/
This casual tone is also borne out on the author's website, which is inappropriate if not offensive as a professional introduction.
I dont see how your approach has potential to shed light on a question that anyone might have.
You have two many misprints
The MS is like a group of old wise men sitting around mulling over the terrible state of the world
The manuscript shall be rejected in its current form if submitted for a journal
It looks to be more of a chance for the authors to promote a product using a poorly constructed, non-replicable pilot study
But fundamentally, why did you bother?
It is at best of little value and, in the worst case, irrelevant and offensive
The manuscript is too long for what the authors have to say. However, additional text is required as outlined below.
Can you explain this part a bit further, but without going into detail.
 \n\nOn top of this, I do not enjoy the style the paper is written in, the language is convoluted.
The rest of the Introduction is just as badly done as the first paragraph so I will not continue
Preliminary and intriguing results that should be published elsewhere.
. It is a term to minimize a risk not a parameter
The paper brings to mind the Mark Twain quote: 'I didnt have time to write a short letter, so I wrote a long one instead.'
Well Written. 
 \n\n****** I read the authors reply. Thank you for your answers and for the SVD plots this is  helpful.
You know that this table is unreadable – at least one of the authors of this paper must have said this is unreadable, lets put in a series of bar plots with the numbers written on the bar. I agree with that person.
The paper is silent on the kinds of issues that occupy yards of library shelf-space, and goes well beyond what is warranted by the data
I dont think this study would add anything to either theory or practice
I apologize for this but frankly some parts read like a report of a high-school student on a scientific experiment.
Most of the work is methodological rather than scientific, making it somewhat boring.
Exhaustive pages of statistical and meta-analytic data and results which seem rather redundant are presented, about 60+ pages of minute analyses of each possible particle of data.
The title is the closest Ive seen to manuscript clickbait
If this was taken from a successfully defended thesis, as it appears to have been, then he should not have been awarded a PhD
The title of the submission is misleading and it should be renamed 'A Personal Diary'
I sent your MS to three referees in the hopes of finding someone who might like it a little.  Sadly, I failed
The abstract is intriguing but confusing
The authors are perpetuating misguided generalizations in the face of substantial
experimental data to the contrary
 This figure does not seem to be referred to anywhere in the text and the broken caption makes it hard to understand what is happening there.
Despite the apparently impeccable arrangement of the essay, with headings and sub-headings, the progression of argument is not always transparent, often hindered by otiose wording. 


If published, uneducated and misinformed statements like this would jeopardize the credibility of this journal
...It's impossible to judge the claims of the authors although there is real reason to believe that the claims may pan out...
What is a systematic review? I have never heard of an unsystematic review.
This is a rather pedestrian treatment of a popular and well-reported topic
Use of words like performativity (is that a word?)
The authors appear to be blissfully unaware ... [reviewer 6. Out of 7. Seven.
The study is poorly conceived, inadequately conducted and the conclusions made by the authors do not necessarily follow from the results
These theoretical results have not been verified experimentally. Therefore, they are wrong
In any aspect that this paper is different from XXX et al., (20XX), it shouldnt be
The authors should at least try to read some of the previous work in the field before attempting to solve our problems.
 (b) there are serious writing issues.
I would like to urge the authors to improve the language description to make the manuscript much clear and logic.
Although it doesnt make for a flashy title (which the authors like more than British tabloids do), there is an alternative interpretation
I cannot figure out what point you are making and why you have written this article. This version cannot be saved, so start again with a much clearer vision of what you are trying to say, and the point you are making.
Please use something in parenthesis so your reader doesnt have to take a break from reviewing your work to Google it
Find your inner nerd—it must be a big part of you—bind and gap it and then dump it in the ocean tied to a large rock.
While I personally enjoyed this contribution, I cannot escape the sense that this is much ado about very little, to paraphrase Shakespeare.
Too mathematically inclined.
eviewer 2 method acting You will notice that my comments are a bit jumbled, this is somewhat a reflection of the need for improved organisation of the MS in general
The results are as weak as a wet noodle
The authors should completely revise it after completing the study and by following common scientific standards
I would suggest activating the spellchecker on Word, or keeping the cat from walking on your keyboard
 I enjoyed reading the paper which is in general clearly written.
Perpetuating the recognition of this in the face of irrefutable evidence is dilettantish and scientifically unacceptable
And finally comes the conclusion, which is the intellectual equivalent of bubblegum.
The research questions are vague, which makes them uninteresting
To put it bluntly: The last thing I want is a reviewer rejecting my papers with reference to an ideological paper like this one
I find the title and the main premise of the abstract confusing and illogical. [key concept X] has the logic of a Monty Python sketch
Ive never read anything like it &amp; I do not mean it as a compliment
I am concerned as it appears that participants in the current study were randomly assigned to one of three experimental conditions
I would suggest that you do some homework and redirect this work to an actual new and novel and mechanistic work and test it against data
I am personally offended that the authors believed that this study had a reasonable chance of being accepted to a serious journal
Often sounds like a precocious high-school student who is trying to show off how clever he is
I want to vomit; I cant believe this paper was submitted.
Reviewer : The conclusions are supported by the results and discussion.
Reviewer : The conclusions are not supported by the result
It is rather clear that the paper is incomplete and hastily submitted, as it contains no contribution number. This paper is NOT COMPLETE
The paper is in good shape, though no Sunday morning reading material.
there is no evidence to show this is the first paper to propose the idea
From this conclusion, the premise does not follow.
If this was taken from a successfully defended thesis, as it appears to have been, then he should not have been awarded a PhD
An article like this is just a waste of peer-reviewing resources
This sounds nice, but in fact it is vague. There are many instances of this kind of nice-sounding vagueness.
Unfortunately the paper itself is full of so many fundamental misunderstandings, I don't even know where to begin in criticizing it
The text is marred by conceptual messiness, careless reasoning, sloppy phrasing and  inadequate acquaintance with the relevant literature
The regression analysis is rubbish. Let's see what happens when you do this properly.
This is a paper struggling not to die
The PI is an excellent networker but that he does not have sufficient required scientific expertise and capacity to successfully execute the project
The derivation is correct but too simple! The paper is therefore not suitable for a general readership.
Not now, not ever. - Review of an NSF grant submission. This was the entire review
Not sure how to say this diplomatically, but the manuscript is really dull
This paper is absolutely ridiculous. It shouldn't be published anywhere and the author should not be encouraged to revise
I now turn to my best guess about what the authors might be doing
insights that rarely amount to very much beyond the bleeding obvious. [..] the problem with jargon is that any idiot can have a go
Indeed, the article as a whole shows a lack of sophistication and nuance that is diagnostic of the particular genre of thought pieces
Didnt like this one 
Mr. Beard is very courageous to give references- if someone did look at another book, I am sure they would stop reading Mr. Beard'-Feynma
 Because of this unknown, I could not understand the experiment setup and data formatting!
Find your inner nerd—it must be a big part of you—bind and gap it and then dump it in the ocean tied to a large rock.
You do not use the empirical data for the analysis, but the empirical data uses you
To my mind the paper is similar to the medieval debate concerning angels dancing on pinheads. I do not think the paper should be published
Given the way the paper was structured, I felt I had to read most of it.
By the end of the paper, I was left with the impression that the lid had been lifted off a big can of...
They have addressed most of the reviewer comments, although their responses to a few of them remind...
Im really sorry about this reviewer. If youd like, I can get you a new one. - Edito
I hesitated to suggest this manuscript to be rejected, but I handled to the (naive?) idea that this actual pumpkin can turn into a fair-looking princess.
This paper is desperate. Please reject it completely and then block the author's email ID so they can't use the online system in the future.
 The ideas are interesting,
The approach taken is fundamentally inadequate and flawed for almost all use cases
The reported mean of 7.7 is misleading because it appears that close to half of your participants are scoring below that mean
I suggest you consult a competent statistical advisor.
It is always rather pleasant to recommend that a paper be rejected.
A great deal of effort has been expended here, but to what end?
The authors should refer to the super interesting article on this topic in Wikipedia.
This work is stuck in the past. The referee would rather talk about the future - some of the senior co-authors were the future once!
I know you want to use hormones to study physiological changes, but humans are more than hormones
I found the entire premise of the work to be utterly theoretically bankrupt
Right now, there is zero rationale for the study and zero reason to read the study.
Its like you sat around and dreamed up ideas, except theyre just castles in the air
I am not getting much support for your paper. I hope that privately at least you did not have great confidence in it.
While the problem is a very important one for modern society, the topic and lessons are not of broad interest
Sprinkled here and there are some things, also taken from his readings, that are more or less correct. But it is all very confused.
it is impossible for the reader to keep track of the hundreds (thousands?) of acronyms in the paper. If there ever is an award for most acronyms in a paper, this one would win it hands down.  h/
Like Dr Whos Tardis, the inside of the paper is bigger than the outside. - (H/
I would propose skipping the entire first page, which is bewildering and distracting
The authors use a log transformation, which is statistical machination, intended to deceive -..
 The paper is missing a clear analysis of NGM's limitations...
The overall tenor is disturbingly glossy and pretentious given the gravity of the topic
Perhaps I have just read these papers at monthly intervals and the author had bad luck.
People have real issues and I am not at all sure that this one deserves attention.
The abstract says absolutely nothing, and I mean this literally and not as a judgement for the content of the paper.
Since the manuscript is so lacking in all aspects, I wont bother going through it in detail.
This is a terrible sentence. It has so many different things in it and not enough punctuation
Your footnote is unnecessary, and indeed confusing. Where did you get the word oftentimes from? We are in the 21st century now.
There are FAR too many analyses and results. The reader is swamped.  Its simply not possible to take it all in. It needs to be pruned.
I recommend acceptance, provided the editors are willing to stretch the standards for publication a...
This inclusion criteria is not needed because to be in a master program they would be legal adults. Please remove and adjust everywhere
Is this really a discovery or just the confirmation of math?
Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this paper for publication because its contents violate the laws of physics
Pleasepleaseplease with sugar on top remove sentences that sound like Hegelian light bulb moments while not meaning anything
I did not attempt to understand Figure 2 because there was no motivation given for it
The presentation resembles a fishing expedition with claims made beyond the performance of the technology
The writing and data presentation are so bad that I had to leave work and go home early and then spend time to wonder what life is about.
I also do not feel that the lead PI is qualified to undertake this work, [..]  she needs to be academically successful first
This is a long and tedious manuscript 
Given the dodgy sampling technique, one could and should wonder how useful it is to include a variable with so little explained variance
This whole paper is wildly speculative and needlessly convoluted.
eviewer : 'The project can hardly be described as high risk/high gain' 
Reviewer : 'The project is clearly high risk/high gain
There is no research methodology, no data, no model, no significant analysis and no conclusions which arise from the study
I now have had a chance to look at this paper. I think it is a bit of a joke.
Not earth shatteringly original but it is hard to be so in this field.
Why dont you just send copies of this to the two people in the world who care about it, and forget the publication route?
his is the complete review, not an excerpt: Good topic, but i dont get an idea of the results.
Perhaps what I have written is deflating
The question is not very clear, the analysis is not very thorough, and the conclusions are rather trivial or even self-contradictory
Sorry for our long silence, due to some perplexity on our side at reading your manuscript.
The beekeeping example also fails to convince. There is no discussion of bees' actual lived experience.
This looks like a very early draft
I would suggest either activating the spell-checker on Word or finding a way to keep your cat from walking on the keyboard.
It is difficult to see the merits of this proposal, and it is doubtful whether the author can contribute anything to this area of research
This kind of prose simply borders on cruelty against the reader. And the conclusion is the intellectual equivalent of bubblegum.
If philosophy of science was not taught in the authors doctoral program, (s)he needs to go back and dope slap his/her major professor
An alternative to counting sheep.
The authors have not bothered to learn the first thing about the theories they are hoping to refute with ill-designed experiments and muddled rationale
If you arent going to make to the effort to understand, then you should just give up
The theoretical section is unreadable for anyone unfamiliar with the language of relevant French theorists[paper about *German* theorists
I have read this paper several times through, and I have nothing to say in its defense.
We regret that some of the remarks made by Referee 1 were not edited before being sent to you.
proposal language is frightfully unclear.
You have two many misprints
My disappointment when finding flawed analyses, conclusions, and terminology [..] was therefore substantial
I stopped reading the subsequent data reports carefully, because I no longer had confidence that they would be accurate
Sorry for our long silence, due to some perplexity on our side at reading your manuscript.
The fact that the question of this paper has never been asked should, on balance, count against the paper
I doubt that many readers will read anything beyond the abstract if the article remains in its present form
I now have had a chance to look at this paper. I think it is a bit of a joke.
Based on theoretical considerations I dont see a reason to perform these experiments.
The experiments are reasonable, but they fail the fundamental test of good science
I dont believe in simulations
Hypothesized is such an ugly word
This work is antithetical to the spirit of [XX research] and will impede potentially important developments.
It is a collection of good ideas that do not add up to or advance to any meaningful conclusion
The turn of phrase is just a vague rhetorical equivocation that is meant to add a semblance of an intellectual air to the text, a rhetorical attempt at being in fashion, but it dissolves only in empty intellectualism.
If I never see another piece of writing started with these lines, it will still be too soon.
This article reads like the work of a reasonably competent undergraduate.
The interchangeably use of evaluate and validate is a concern as it is not clear if authors know the difference between these 'verbs' 
Thats not how science is done.
If the author is comfortable with having his/her name on THIS, then I wont stand in the way of publication.
I would advise the authors to go back to the drawing board and consider exactly what this paper is to do and do this well
It is very lengthy, full of mistakes, irrelevant information, and completely fails to attract...
Bad language, weird sentences, half true statements and even nonsense statements continue throughout the draft, I refuse to review more of this draft until these language issues get fixed properly.
Given the pedigree of the senior author, I would have expected better
This manuscript is not publishable in a reasonable sense
...to show their similarities or differences, as well as, advantages or disadvantages by your own letters..
Im disappointed to say, given the outstanding pedigree of the authors of this paper, that it adds nothing to earlier research.
They include practical examples and code samples, and (in a slightly bizarre move) source code will be made available on acceptance.
The research team cooked up a great filet mignon. Instead of mushrooms and an exquisite French sauce, we got American ketchup.
here is no point in [..] the statistical overkill in the submission. It simply should not have happened. It should never happen again
You were either in a rush or you do not care too much about getting your paper accepted
Alarming errors, even if they could be easily corrected, gave a sense of carelessness that makes me hesitant to recommend it for revisions
The authors are treating what might be called a boutique version within a model that is already considered a boutique model' by many.
It was as if they walked in with a blank sheet of paper.
The most striking—and troubling—feature of this manuscript is that it contains so many exceedingly strange assumptions.
What is a systematic review? I have never heard of an unsystematic review.
Clearly you can tell that I have become distracted by the style of reporting results. I have in fact given up trying to understand it
The data are weak, based on very small samples, not analyzed properly, and based on measurements  in the wrong medium. I see little value.
I am not sure why there is a full section about limitations, this in itself says a lot about the study
I dont know what the heck the red highlighted text is supposed to mean and left it as is.
The study rationale is unclear, the exact research question to be addressed poorly delineated and the overall motivation for the study poorly linked to the literature summary and aims of the study
The manuscript in the present form is not a review article but is rather a number of research papers stapled together.
Unlawful, void and of no effect
I fail to see the contribution either to physics or social science
This paper is conceptually unclear, and the causal argument/hypotheses are muddled. In short, it is a mess. I stopped reading after page 7
This strikes me as the worst kind of postmodern legerdemain
When the reader is finished struggling through all the methods and results, he/she is left wondering whether it was worth the time.
The paper is overlong, very verbose and contains unnecessary repetition.
Various statements seem to be sweeping and inaccurate generalizations with little robust...
presumptuous, ignorant, ill-conceived and downright dangerous
This is depressing! So much work with so little science -..
It was mentioned that participants were recruited. In research, we dont recruit study participants
High was my expectation, and so much deeper was my disappointment
I started reading this manuscript with much anticipation but my enthusiasm was short lived.
The paper descends into nonsense, never to return, on line 44.
I dont believe in simulations
Findings are presented in an anecdotal, descriptive style that I cant interpret.
Cite newer, relevant references, especially those published by X 2012, and X 2008. Best wishes, Dr. X, Associate Editor
This paper reads like a womans diary, not like a scientific piece of work
I cannot, for the life of me, figure out why this paper was written.
You will see that Reviewer 2 has slightly missed the point, so please dont pay too much attention to their comments in your revision. -E
The first and last paragraphs are weak and read in a style unlike the rest of the paper, like poor advertising copy.
Since you submitted the paper to a scientific journal: where is the science?
This manuscript uses half of the available pages, and fails to explain what has been done, how and...
The length of this review is occasioned by the density of error and misconceived arguments in this manuscript.
 I'm not sure what key insights can be taken away from this.
Table 4 seems unnecessary given figure 8. Indeed, figure 8 also seems unnecessary

-R2 has been watching Tidying Up
This sentence is so hard to digest it gave me reflux
This paper is baffling.[…] In particular, I have not looked at all at section 2 of the paper
Black-box modeling exercise using a hodge-podge of data tied together with a poorly-defined model
I showed this paper to my nurses and they agreed there was nothing new reported here.
The authors need to add a level of puzzlement to their interpretations
Ive never read anything like it &amp; I do not mean it as a compliment
The authors have gained some attention in the community: most of this is due to the wrong reasons
For a section on thought, very little seems to have gone into it.
This paper introduces tools to answer questions which it does not seem many people are interested in
The authors should refer to the super interesting article on this topic in Wikipedia.
This manuscript is a long drive through a countryside. A lot of stuff is irrelevant and pointless.' h/
I gave up pointing out all the mistakes because even the author apparently doesn't consider this manuscript a good scientific presentation
In order to be able to publish this manuscript it need [sic] to be rewritten in the form of a scientific article
The authors seem to be reinventing the wheel and a flat tire to go along with it
Yes measurements were made, but why, besides a teaching exercise, remains obscure.
